Christina Brower and Elizabeth Reese our
medical laboratory technicians who
analyze body specimens to help
physicians diagnose and treat diseases
Elizabeth and Reese graduating magna
laude they receive their jobs soon after
graduating from Armstrong's medical
laboratory science technology program
this program has an excellent track
record for placing graduates in the
professional world I started work
November first and I graduated December
11 and I was working a 40-hour week
full-time right after seven goals and I
hadn't even graduated yet while students
are doing their clinical internship
basically they the lab directors and
managers they immediately see the
quality and the preparation that the
students have in their classes students
learn to perform tests in a range of lab
Sciences such a team ontology in
microbiology Armstrong thank goodness
teaches us how to do everything manually
before they let us anywhere near an
instrument so we have that background in
case anything that will go wrong will go
wrong and it will an elective we not
only each on the clinical stove that is
needed but we also add to that of
professionalism computers and and we try
to teach them to be colleagues the
department fosters a community among
faculty clinicians and students we all
helped each other you know we had a good
support system we studied together when
we accept students today we accept them
into a family we become one family all
the best are very hands-on very wanna
see you succeed and without a doubt you
can go to talk to them another key for
the program success is the student pass
rate for the national certification
exams
the national test rate for the program
is hovers around ninety five percent
ninety to ninety-five percent of
compared to the national average of
sixty sixty-five percent combined with
the program's distinguished reputation
in the health care industry a strong
labor market for medical technologist
ensures a successful and quick job
placement upon graduation there is a
severe shortage right now between not
enough graduate getting into the field
to add to that the retirement of the
large number of practitioners you can
work in a hospital work at a doctor's
office you can even work for the seed to
see if you wanted to there's just so
many opportunities we're never short of
job offers I mean we have drop off the
leaf three or four openings on every
shift you can't go through this program
papec program and get through clinicals
and almost not have a job it's fricking
near impossible not to have a job for
you graduate while the fields might not
get a lot of public attention medical
laboratory science offers a rewarding
and important career we provide very
valuable data for all four stimulation
conditions however we're always in the
vaccines were always not upfront with
patients with the doctors with riza
practitioners it really does make you
feel good when you see patients leaving
because you realize that their blood was
fine or that they're not sick for that
you're getting in the care that they
really need once you get through it and
you pass all your classes you graduate
you have a very rewarding career ahead
of you and a chance to make a difference
and have a really great job
you